[PL-Doc] Update Delegate Release page (#11465)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/delegates/delegate-reference/delegate-image-version-status.md

:::warning
Delegates past their EOS date are not supported by Harness. Upgrade your delegates before they reach EOS to avoid service disruptions.
:::

For complete upgrade procedures, see [Delegate expiration policy](/docs/platform/delegates/install-delegates/delegate-upgrades-and-expiration#delegate-expiration-policy).

## Support lifecycle definitions

### End of Support (EOS) - 5 months after release

When a delegate reaches EOS:

- Harness Support no longer accepts support requests for the delegate
- Security fixes are still provided
- Product defects are not addressed
- Expired delegates may not function correctly
- Support will require delegate upgrades for any issues

### End of Life (EOL) - 8 months after release

When a delegate reaches EOL:

- The image is no longer available or maintained
- No support or fixes are provided

## Version format and lifecycle calculation

Delegate versions follow the format: **YY.MM.XXXX**

- **YY** = Year (24 = 2024)
- **MM** = Month (11 = November) 
- **XXXX** = Build identifier

### Example calculation

For delegate version **24.11.84503**:

- **Release**: November 2024

> - **EOS**: April 2025 (November + 5 months)

Author: @abhishekharness @bharatgoelharness updated - [3873b52](https://github.com/harness/developer-hub/pull/11465/commits/3873b52f7ad529c0a9789d4e6852ad65177bbab2)

sidebar_position: 1
---

This document provides delegate image version information and support lifecycle details. Delegate images have a defined support lifecycle: End of Support (EOS) occurs 6 months after release, and End of Life (EOL) occurs 8 months after release.

:::warning
Delegates past their EOS date are not supported by Harness. Upgrade your delegates before they reach EOS to avoid service disruptions.
:::

For complete upgrade procedures, see [Delegate expiration policy](/docs/platform/delegates/install-delegates/delegate-upgrades-and-expiration#delegate-expiration-policy).

## Support lifecycle definitions

> ### End of Support (EOS) - 6 months after release

Author: done - [bf1a171](https://github.com/harness/developer-hub/pull/11465/commits/bf1a1714a6839be9da13eb702bcc30429241a8e9)

When a delegate reaches EOS:

- Harness Support no longer accepts support requests for the delegate
- Security fixes are still provided
- Product defects are not addressed
- Expired delegates may not function correctly
- Support will require delegate upgrades for any issues

> ### End of Life (EOL) - 8 months after release

Author: done - [bf1a171](https://github.com/harness/developer-hub/pull/11465/commits/bf1a1714a6839be9da13eb702bcc30429241a8e9)

When a delegate reaches EOL:

- The image is no longer available or maintained
- No support or fixes are provided

## Version format and lifecycle calculation

Delegate versions follow the format: **YY.MM.XXXX**

- **YY** = Year (24 = 2024)
- **MM** = Month (11 = November) 
- **XXXX** = Build identifier

### Example calculation

For delegate version **24.07.84503** (released in July 2024):

- **Release**: 10 July 2024
- **EOS**: 31 December 2024 
- **EOL**: 28 February 2025

:::note
EOS and EOL dates are always set to the last day of the respective month, regardless of the specific release date within the month.
::: 

### Hotfix policy

Hotfixes may be released to address critical issues within an image's lifecycle.

:::note
Hotfixes do not extend the original EOS and EOL dates. The lifecycle remains based on the original release month.
:::

> **Example**: If version 24.07.84503 receives a hotfix in November 2024, the EOS (December 2024) and EOL (February 2025) dates remain unchanged.

Author: Done - [bf1a171](https://github.com/harness/developer-hub/pull/11465/commits/bf1a1714a6839be9da13eb702bcc30429241a8e9)

sidebar_position: 1
---

> This document provides delegate image version information and support lifecycle details. Delegate images have a defined support lifecycle: End of Support (EOS) occurs 6 months after release, and End of Life (EOL) occurs 8 months after release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document outlines the version information for delegate images and details their support lifecycle. Delegate images have a specific support lifecycle: End of Support (EOS) occurs at the end of the sixth month, while End of Life (EOL) takes place at the end of the eighth month, starting from the month indicated in the delegate version.
```

:::warning
Delegates past their EOS date are not supported by Harness. Upgrade your delegates before they reach EOS to avoid service disruptions.
:::

For complete upgrade procedures, see [Delegate expiration policy](/docs/platform/delegates/install-delegates/delegate-upgrades-and-expiration#delegate-expiration-policy).

## Support lifecycle definitions

### End of Support (EOS)

> EOS occurs 6 months after the delegate is released. The EOS month is calculated based on the month encoded in the version number (MM in YY.MM.XXXX).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The EOS month is calculated based on the month encoded in the version number (MM in YY.MM.XXXX). EOS occurs at the end of the sixth month from the month mentioned in the delegate version.
```

When a delegate reaches EOS:

- Harness Support no longer accepts support requests for the delegate
- Security fixes are still provided
- Product defects are not addressed
- Expired delegates may not function correctly
- Support will require delegate upgrades for any issues

### End of Life (EOL)

> EOL occurs 8 months after the delegate is released. The EOL month is calculated based on the month encoded in the version number (MM in YY.MM.XXXX).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The EOL month is calculated based on the month encoded in the version number (MM in YY.MM.XXXX). EOL occurs at the end of the eighth month from the month mentioned in the delegate version.
```
